# SecurityPlus Development
### This repository holds the Security+ Beta 1.2 code, along with all unreleased code which was going to be a part of Beta 1.3 
As the license implies you're free to do whatever the hell you want with this stuff, my hope is that by open-sourcing it some newcomers to programming might learn something. Though the thought has crossed my mind that this absolute mess of code might not be the best example to follow...

Most of the code should have decent(ish) documentation with the exception of the actual Callout files themselves for the simple reason of there's wayyyy too many of them for me.

Anyway, that's all really, have fun with it, here's some descriptions of the folders you see

If you need to reach me directly, [discord](https://discord.gg/6p9yby4) is the best place for it, but feel free to submit requests here as well.

**Documents**:
By far the smallest folder here, just some temporary files I was using during the course of development to keep track of callouts and what needed working on.

**References**:
Standard references folder to hold the .dll files required by the plugin

**Security+ OIV Building**:
This folder holds the layout for the .OIV file which installs the vehicles of the pack, the dlc.rpf file has been left out as it exceeds the 100MB github file size limit

**Security+ Zip File Building**:
Similar to above, this is a layout directory for the final zip file which was going to be uploaded to the LSPDFR page

**SecurityPlus**:
The big one, this is the main plugin program itself, and the included .sln file should allow you to open it up with ease for your own development.

**SecurityPlusInstaller**:
This is the Beta AutoInstaller program, I decided to make my own installer largely for the fun of it. This was originally written in Java before I realised what a dumb idea that was.

**SecurityPlusManager**:
This one is just a text box decryptor to handle the .spl log files generated by SecurityPlus in the unreleased Beta 1.3 version. It really only exists because I felt like playing around with simple decryption.

**Voice**:
A backup of all the audio files used by the mod

